Hey.
Whoa. Hey, yeah.
Come on, man. I'm sorry.
I didn't hear you. Come on.
I'll take you.
Where to?
1039 south
union street.
Gotcha.
How long you think
this'll take?
[max] seven minutes.
Seven. Not eight? Not six?
Two minutes to get across
the 110 to normandie.
Normandie to venice,
three minutes.
Over to union is one,
plus one for "shit happens."
Okay if I time you?
Knock yourself out.
If you're wrong,
I get a free ride?
You get an apology. Already
offered my free ride today.
To who?
Some girl.
Did you get
a date with her?
First time in l.A.?
No. Tell you the truth, whenever
I'm here, I can't wait to leave.
It's too sprawled out,
disconnected.
You know?
That's me.
You like it?
It's my home.
17 million people.
It's the fifth biggest
economy in the world,
and nobody knows each other.
I read about this guy.
Gets on the mta here, dies.
Huh.
Six hours he rides the subway
Before anybody notices his
corpse doing laps around l.A.
People on and off,
sitting next to him.
Nobody notices.